2019.1:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Support for zqzu29dr devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 5)
 * General: Updated constraints to improve constraint processing speed
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 4)
 * General: Added support for Defense Zynquplus devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Added support for Automotive Artix 7a12t and 7a25t devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Added enabling signals for data valid generation targetting 7 series transceivers
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.4 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Mapping for Resetdone changed from CPLLLOCK to combination of resetdone_tx and resetdone_rx for GTXE2 devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 3.4
 * Port Change: Added new output port gtpowergood_out
 * Other: Changed version of helper core gig_ethernet_pcs_pma from v16_0 to v16_1
 * Other: Changed version of helper core gtwizard_ultrascale from v1_6 to v1_7

2017.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Added support for Zynq US+ DR family
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 7)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Changed version of helper core gig_ethernet_pcs_pma from v15_2 to v16_0
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 5)
 * Bugfix for extra port required by GTWizard for older Ultrascale devices which used callibration logic.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 4)
 * Changed version of helper core gig_ethernet_pcs_pma from v15_1 to v15_2
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Support to run Rx path on recovered clock
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * Addition of False path constraint to RST pin of IDELAYCTRL for ultrascale devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 2)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Changed version of helper core gig_ethernet_pcs_pma from v15_0 to v15_1
 * Added support for xcku095 device family

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Default Insertion Loss at Nyquist value of transceiver configuration preset changed to result in better default RX equalization settings for QSGMII preset; now using LPM rather than DFE
 * Adding support for zynquplus and kintexuplus devices

2015.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * Uprev of UltraScale wizard to version 1.5.
 * Transceiver control and status ports: added gt_txinhibit and gt_pcsrsvdin[]
 * Added widgets to the core GUI to allow per-core-instance Transceiver and Reference Clock placement selection for Ultrascale devices
 * Changed version of helper core gig_ethernet_pcs_pma from v14_3 to v15_0

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Adding support for XC7Z035 and XC7A15T devices.
 * Adding support for XA/XQ device variants.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Reset of GT FSMs in case of Data Error

2014.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Uprev of UltraScale wizard to version 1.4.

2014.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Uprev of UltraScale wizard to version 1.3.

2014.1:
 * Version 3.2
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers (Tx/Rx startup FSM updates).
 * Change in definition of resetdone port.It now indicates the completion of rx and tx startup sequence.
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.1
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers (RX/TX Startup FSM updates)
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Removed static MDIO PHY Address ports and make programmable while generation through GUI
 * Removed Link Timer ports and tied to 1.64 ms for synthesis and 0.14 ms for simulation
 * GT updates for Series-7 transceivers (Termination settings updates,attribute updates,hierarchy update).
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator.
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation.
 * Updated clock synchronizers to improve Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) for metastability.
 * Added support for the out of context flow.
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. Please refer to the Product Guide for information and port changes.
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude configuration vector ports
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports.

2013.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Constraints processing order changed

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * GTX/GTP/GTH updates for 7 Series
 * Moved IO and Delayctrl logic for PHY mode from Example design to block
 * Added soft reset control to reset transceiver

(c) Copyright 2000 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
